August 31, 2026
Last day for receipt of applications from potential fall (November) graduates.

September 2, 2026
Deadline for course outlines to be made available to students registered in full fall, early fall, and fall/winter courses.

September 7, 2026
Statutory holiday. University closed.

September 8, 2026
Academic orientation (undergraduate and graduate students).
Orientation for new Teaching Assistants.
All new students are expected to be on campus. Class and laboratory preparations, departmental introductions for students, and other academic preparation activities will be held.

September 9, 2026
Fall term begins. Full fall, early fall, and fall/winter classes begin.

September 15, 2026
Last day for registration and course changes (including auditing) in early fall courses.

September 18-20, 2026
Full summer and late summer term deferred final examinations will be held.

September 22, 2026
Last day for registration and course changes (including auditing) in full fall, late fall, and fall/winter courses.
Last day to withdraw from early fall courses with a full fee adjustment.
Graduate students who have not electronically submitted their final thesis copy to Graduate Studies will not be eligible to graduate in fall 2026 and must register for the fall 2026 term.

September 30, 2026
Last day to withdraw from full fall and fall/winter courses with a full fee adjustment.

October 1, 2026
Last day for academic withdrawal from early fall courses.
Last day to request Formal Examination Accommodations for Oct/Nov final examinations from the Paul Menton Centre for Students with Disabilities. Note that it may not be possible to fulfil accommodation requests received after the specified deadlines.

October 9, 2026
December examination schedule (fall term final and fall/winter mid-terms) available online.

October 12, 2026
Statutory holiday. University closed.

October 15, 2026
Last day for receipt of applications for admission to an undergraduate degree program for the winter term from applicants whose documents originate from outside Canada or the United States.

October 16, 2026
Last day for summative tests or examinations, or formative tests or examinations totaling more than 15% of the final grade, in early fall term undergraduate courses, before the official Oct/Nov final examination period (see examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar).

October 23, 2026
Last day of early fall classes.
Last day for final take-home examinations to be assigned in early fall courses, with the exception of those conforming to the examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar.
Last day that can be specified by a course instructor as a due date for term work for early fall courses.

October 26, 2026
Deadline for course outlines to be made available to students registered in late fall courses.

October 26-30, 2026
Fall break, no classes.

October 31-November 1, November 7-8, 2026
Final examinations in early fall undergraduate courses will be held.

November 2, 2026
Late fall classes begin.

November 13, 2026
Last day to withdraw from late fall term courses with a full fee adjustment.

November 15, 2026
Last day for academic withdrawal from full fall and late fall courses.
Last day to request Formal Examination Accommodations for December full fall and late fall examinations and fall/winter midterm examinations from the Paul Menton Centre for Students with Disabilities. Note that it may not be possible to fulfil accommodation requests received after the specified deadlines.
Last day for receipt of applications for admission to an undergraduate degree program for the winter term.

November 20-22, 2026
Early fall undergraduate deferred final examinations will be held.

November 27, 2026
Last day for summative tests or examinations, or formative tests or examinations totaling more than 15% of the final grade, in full fall term or fall/winter undergraduate courses, before the official December final examination period (see examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar).

November 30, 2026
Last day for receipt of applications from potential winter (February) graduates.

December 4, 2026
Last day for graduate students to submit their supervisor-approved thesis, in examinable form to the department.
Last day for summative tests or examinations, or formative tests or examinations totaling more than 15% of the final grade, in late fall term undergraduate courses, before the official final examination period (see examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar).

December 11, 2026
Fall term ends.
Last day of full fall and late fall classes.
Classes follow a Monday schedule.
Last day for final take-home examinations to be assigned, with the exception of those conforming to the examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar.
Last day that can be specified by an instructor as a due date for term work for full and late fall courses.
Last day for receipt of applications for undergraduate degree program transfers for winter term.

December 12-23, 2026
Final examinations in full fall and late fall courses and mid-term examinations in fall/winter courses will be held. Examinations are normally held all seven days of the week.

December 23, 2026
All final take-home examinations are due on this day, with the exception of those conforming to the examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar.

December 24, 2026 at noon through January 1, 2027 inclusive
University closed.
