December 30, 2026
Deadline for course outlines to be made available to students registered in full winter and early winter term courses.

January 4, 2027
University reopens.

January 6, 2027
Winter term begins. Full winter and early winter classes begin.

January 12, 2027
Last day for registration and course changes (including auditing) in early winter courses.

January 19, 2027
Last day for registration and course changes (including auditing) in full winter courses.
Last day to withdraw from early winter courses with a full fee adjustment.
Graduate students who have not electronically submitted their final thesis copy to Graduate Studies will not be eligible to graduate in winter 2027 and must register for the winter 2027 term.

January 22-24, January 29-31, 2027
Full fall and late fall term deferred final examinations will be held.

January 31, 2027
Last day to withdraw from full winter courses and the winter portion of fall/winter courses with a full fee adjustment.

February 1, 2027
Last day for academic withdrawal from early winter courses.
Last day to request Formal Examination Accommodations for Feb/Mar final examinations from the Paul Menton Centre for Students with Disabilities. Note that it may not be possible to fulfil accommodation requests received after the specified deadlines.

February 12, 2027
Last day for summative tests or examinations, or formative tests or examinations totaling more than 15% of the final grade, in early winter undergraduate courses, before the official Feb/Mar final examination period (see examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar).
April examination schedule available online.

February 15, 2027
Statutory holiday. University closed.

February 15-19, 2027
Winter break, no classes.

February 18, 2027
Deadline for course outlines to be made available to students registered in late winter courses.

February 24, 2027
Last day of early winter classes.
Last day for final take-home examinations to be assigned in early winter courses, with the exception of those conforming to the examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar.
Last day that can be specified by an instructor as a due date for term work for early winter courses.

February 25, 2027
Late winter classes begin.

February 27-28, March 6-7, 2027
Final examinations in early winter undergraduate courses will be held.

March 1, 2027
Last day for receipt of applications for admission to an undergraduate degree program for the fall/winter session from applicants whose documents originate outside Canada or the United States.
Last day for receipt of applications to Bachelor of Architecture, Bachelor of Industrial Design, Bachelor of Information Technology (Interactive Multimedia and Design), Bachelor of Music, Bachelor of Science in Nursing and Bachelor of Social Work degree programs for the fall/winter session.
Last day for receipt of applications for admission from candidates who wish to be guaranteed consideration for financial assistance (including Carleton fellowships, scholarships and teaching assistantships) administered by Carleton University. Candidates whose applications are received after the March 1 deadline may be considered for the award of a fellowship, scholarship or teaching assistantship (Graduate students only).
Last day for receipt of applications for admission to an undergraduate program for the summer term.

March 3, 2027
Last day for registration and course changes (including auditing) in late winter courses.

March 10, 2027
Last day to withdraw from late winter term courses with a full fee adjustment.

March 15, 2027
Last day for academic withdrawal from full winter, late winter, and fall/winter courses.
Last day to request Formal Examination Accommodations for April full winter, late winter, and fall/winter final examinations from the Paul Menton Centre for Students with Disabilities. Note that it may not be possible to fulfil accommodation requests received after the specified deadlines.

March 19-21, 2027
Early winter term deferred final examinations will be held.

March 25, 2027
Last day for summative tests or examinations, or formative tests or examinations totaling more than 15% of the final grade, in full winter term or fall/winter undergraduate courses, before the official April final examination period (see examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar).

March 26, 2027
Statutory holiday. University closed.

April 1, 2027
Last day for graduate students to submit their supervisor-approved thesis, in examinable form to the department.
Last day for receipt of applications from potential spring (June) graduates.

April 2, 2027
Last day for summative tests or examinations, or formative tests or examinations totaling more than 15% of the final grade, in late winter term undergraduate courses, before the official final examination period (see examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar).

April 9, 2027
Winter term ends.
Last day of full winter, late winter, and fall/winter classes.
Last day for final take-home examinations to be assigned, with the exception of those conforming to the examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar.
Last day that can be specified by an instructor as a due date for term work for full winter and late winter courses.

April 10, 2027
No classes or examinations take place.

April 11-23, 2027
Final examinations in full winter, late winter, and fall/winter courses will be held. Examinations are normally held all seven days of the week.

April 23, 2027
All final take-home examinations are due on this day, with the exception of those conforming to the examination regulations in the Academic Regulations of the University section of the Undergraduate Calendar/General Regulations of the Graduate Calendar.

May 1, 2027
Last day for receipt of applications for undergraduate internal degree transfers to allow for registration for the summer session.

May 14-26, 2027
Full winter, late winter, and fall/winter deferred final examinations will be held.

June 1, 2027
Last day for receipt of applications for admission to an undergraduate program for the fall/winter session except for applications due March 1.

June 15, 2027
Last day for receipt of applications for undergraduate degree program transfers for the fall term.
